# HackerForWebAddress
Useful Hacking Web sites

Online tutorial Sites

http://cybrary.it/

https://www.lynda.com/

http://www.computerscienceonline.org/courses/

https://www.coursera.org/

https://hak5.org/

http://www.tinkernut.com/

http://www.n0where.net/

http://www.hackaday.com/

http://www.evilzone.org/

https://www.hackthissite.org/

http://www.cellphonehacks.com/

http://www.hacksociety.net/

http://www.offensivecommunity.net/

http://alienvault-blogs.com

• Security – Cisco Blog
http://blogs.cisco.com/

• Cisco Advisories
http://tools.cisco.com/security/center/ps
irtrss20/CiscoSecurityAdvisory.xml

• Malware-Traffic-Analysis.net - Blog
Entries
http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net

• McAfee Labs Security Advisories
https://community.mcafee.com/commun
ity/feeds/allcontent?community=2210

• Comphreensive Alerts
https://technet.microsoft.com

• Office 365 URLs and IP Addresses
https://support.office.com

• Updates
http://exchange.nagios.org

News

• http://www.openstack.org/blog

• http://blog.osvdb.org

• ha.ckers.org web application security lab
http://ha.ckers.org/blog/

• Pentester.es
http://www.pentester.es

• PortSwigger Web Security Blog
http://blog.portswigger.net

• Open Web Application Security
Project http://owasp.blogspot.com

• Web App Security
http://seclists.org

• Pentest Geek – Penetration Testing
– Infosec Professionals

https://www.pentestgeek.com

• Z e n d F r ame w o r k S e c u r i t y

Advisories

http://framework.zend.com/security

• Tactical Web Application Security
http://tacticalwebappsec.blogspot.com

• All News
http://rss.packetstormsecurity.com

• SANS Internet Storm Center,

InfoCON: green
http://iscxml.sans.org

• Handlers Diary https://isc.sans.edu

• CERT Advisories http://seclists.org

• HoneyPots http://seclists.org

• Penetration Testing

http://seclists.org

• T h e E x p l o i t D a t a b a s e -
C X S e c u r i t y . c o m
http://securityreason.com

• SecurityFocus Vulnerabilities
http://www.securityfocus.com

• National Vulnerability Databas
http://nvd.nist.gov

• Errata Security
http://erratasec.blogspot.com

• Fortinet Blog | Latest Posts
http://blog.fortinet.com

• Usabi l i t y Sciences - Webs i te
Usability Testing&Online Usability
Testing Company

http://www.usabilitysciences.com

• Identity&Access
http://www.csoonline.com/category/iden
tity-access

• Physical Security
http://www.csoonline.com/category

• Data Protection
http://www.csoonline.com/category/data
-protection

• Darknet – The Darkside
http://feeds.feedburner.com/darknethack
ers

• Dark Reading Stories
http://www.darkreading.com/

'• Breaches Today
http://databreachtoday.com

• Treehouse Blog
http://teamtreehouse.com

• Web Design Weekly
http://web-design-weekly.com

• DevOps.com http://devops.com

• DZone.com Feed http://dzone.com

• DevOps Reactions
http://devopsreactions.tumblr.com

• atomize.io - mot - testing
http://feeds.feedburner.com/

• Web Platform Blog
https://blog.webplatform.org

• SoftwareTestPro.com Conference
Presentations Feed

http://www.softwaretestpro.com/RSS/ta
g/Conference+Presentations

• Blog
http://doc.emergingthreats.net/bin/view
/Main/WebRss

• Security Advisories
http://www.fortiguard.com/

• Technical Docs
http://docs.forticare.com

• GNS3 - All Contents
https://thwack.solarwinds.com/

• Internet Security Systems
http://www.iss.net

• BIND DNS Security
https://www.isc.org

• Curated Security News
https://isc.sans.edu

• News http://www.kaspersky.com

• FreeBSD Advisories
http://www.linuxsecurity.com


DNS-BH - Malware Domain
Blocklist
http://malwaredomains.com

• MalwareDomainList updates
http://www.malwaredomainlist.com

• Malware DNSBL
http://www.malwaredomains.com/

• Security Intelligence
https://securityintelligence.com

• News http://www.securityfocus.com

• Latest News
http://www.securitymagazine.com

• Vulnerabilities - Exploits
https://securityvulns.com/exploits

• Securelist - Information about
Viruses, Hackers and Spam
http://www.viruslist.com

• Carnal0wnage&Attack Research
Blog
http://carnal0wnage.attackresearch.com/

• Naked Security
http://nakedsecurity.sophos.com

• Android Central - Android Forums,
News, Reviews, Help and Android
W a l l p a p e r
http://www.androidcentral.com

• Schneier on Security
http://www.schneier.com/blog

• Threatpost | The first stop for
security news
http://threatpost.com

• Security Advisories
http://www.tenable.com

• Malware - ThreatPost
https://kasperskycontenthub.com

• Web-Security - Threatpost
https://threatpost.com

• Security Tool Files ≈ Packet Storm
http://packetstormsecurity.org

• Exploit Files ≈ Packet Storm
http://packetstormsecurity.org/

• ToolsWatch.org – The Hackers
Arsenal Tools Portal
http://www.toolswatch.org

• Threat Advisories
https://www.trustwave.com

• VMware vSphere Blog
http://blogs.vmware.com/vsphere/rss.xm
l

• Oracle's Virtualization Blog
http://blogs.oracle.com

• News http://www.citrix.com/news.rss

• E v e n t s
http://www.citrix.com/events.rss

• The OpenStack Blog
http://www.openstack.org

• VirtualBox Mania
http://vboxmania.net

• Exploits http://0day.today
• Exploits
http://www.exploit-db.com

• Vulnerabilities &amp; Exploits
https://cxsecurity.com

• Vulnerability Lab (Index)
http://www.vulnerability-lab.com
